Minor documentation and GUI fixes (#6622)
Slicer/Slicer: Docs/user_guide/data_loading_and_saving.md

## Non-DICOM data

Non-DICOM data, covering all types of data ranging from images (nrrd, nii.gz, ...) and models (stl, ply, obj, ...) to tables (csv, txt), point lists (json), etc.

### Load data

To load data:
- drag&drop file on the application window, or
- in application menu: `File` -> `Add Data` (or `Add Data` toolbar button) ![](../../Base/QTGUI/Resources/Icons/Medium/SlicerLoadData.png)

![](https://github.com/Slicer/Slicer/releases/download/docs-resources/data_loading_and_saving_load_dialog.png)

### Save data

> Save the entire scene - preserves all data and settings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To save the entire scene - and preserves all data and settings:
```

- in application menu `File` -> `Save Data`, or
- `Save Data` toolbar button ![](../../Base/QTGUI/Resources/Icons/Medium/SlicerSave.png)

:::{tip}

> The entire workspace, including all data and settings can be saved into a single, independent, self-contained .mrb file by clicking the small package icon at the top-left corner. A new copy of all files is written and zipped into a single file, therefore saving takes longer time than an incremental saving of only modified files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The entire workspace, including all data and settings can be saved into a single, independent, self-contained `.mrb` file by clicking on the small package icon at the top-left corner. A new copy of all files is written and zipped into a single file, therefore saving takes longer time than an incremental saving of only the modified files.
```

:::

![](https://github.com/Slicer/Slicer/releases/download/docs-resources/data_loading_and_saving_save_dialog.png)

### Export data

To export selected data sets - for sharing with others or for loading into other applications: go to `Data` module, right-click on an item, and choose `Export to file...`. Settings used for exporting (file format, filename, options) do not modify settings used for saving.

![](https://github.com/Slicer/Slicer/releases/download/docs-resources/data_loading_and_saving_export_dialog.png)

:::{tip}

> Multiple nodes can be exported at once by placing them into a folder and then exporting the folder. When exporting an entire folder hierarchy then `Export folder structure` option can be enabled to recreate the subject hierarchy folder structure as directory structure in the output directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple nodes can be exported at once by placing them into a folder and then by exporting the folder. When exporting an entire folder hierarchy the `Export folder structure` option can be enabled to have the directory structure in the output directory match the subject hierarchy folder structure.
```
